Add RSC Service and sample. (#5158)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_rscs/README.rst

.. _peripheral_rscs:

Bluetooth: Peripheral Running Speed and Cadence Service (RSCS)
###############################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The peripheral RSCS sample demonstrates how to use the :ref:`rscs_readme`.

Overview
********

This sample demonstrates the use of Running Speed and Cadence Service.
It simulates a sensor and sends measurements to the connected device, such as a phone or a tablet.

> The mobile application on the device can configure sensor parameters using SC Control Point characteristic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mobile application on the device can configure sensor parameters using the SC Control Point characteristic.
```

User interface
**************

LED 1:
   Blinks every two seconds with the duty cycle set to 50% when the main loop is running and the device is advertising.

LED 2:
   On when connected.

Building and running
********************
.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/peripheral_rscs`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

.. _peripheral_rscs_testing:

Testing
=======

This testing procedure assumes that you are using `nRF Connect for Mobile`_.
After programming the sample to your development kit, test it by performing the following steps:

1. Power on your development kit.
#. Connect to the device through nRF Connect for Mobile (the device is advertising as "Nordic_RSCS").
#. Observe that the services of the connected device are shown.
#. In :guilabel:`Running Speed and Cadence Service`, tap the :guilabel:`Notify` button for the "RSC Measurement" characteristic.
#. Observe that notifications with the measurement values are received.
#. In :guilabel:`RSC Feature`, tap the :guilabel:`Read` button to get the supported features.
#. In :guilabel:`Sensor Location`, tap the :guilabel:`Read` button to read the location of the sensor.

> #. In :guilabel:`SC Control Point`, tap the :guilabel:`Idicate` button to control the sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In :guilabel:`SC Control Point`, tap the :guilabel:`Indicate` button to control the sensor.
```

#. The following Op Codes (with data if required) can be written into :guilabel:`SC Control Point`:

   * ``01 xx xx xx`` to set the Total Distance Value to the entered value (if the server supports the Total Distance Measurement feature).

>    * ``02`` to start sensor calibration process (if the server supports the Sensor Calibration feature).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``02`` to start the sensor calibration process (if the server supports the Sensor Calibration feature).
```

.. _peripheral_rscs:

Bluetooth: Peripheral Running Speed and Cadence Service (RSCS)
###############################################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The peripheral RSCS sample demonstrates how to use the :ref:`rscs_readme`.

Overview
********

This sample demonstrates the use of Running Speed and Cadence Service.

> The sample simulates a sensor and sends measurements to the connected device, such as a phone or tablet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It simulates a sensor and sends measurements to the connected device, such as a phone or a tablet.
```

> The sample simulates a sensor and sends measurements to the connected device, such as a phone or tablet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample simulates a sensor and sends measurements to the connected device, such as a phone or a tablet.
```

The mobile application on the device can configure sensor parameters using SC Control Point characteristic.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_and_cpuappns, nrf52840dk_nrf52840, nrf52dk_nrf52832, nrf52833dk_nrf52833

The sample also requires a phone or tablet running a compatible application, for example `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ or `nRF Toolbox`_.

User interface
**************

LED 1:

>    Blinks with a period of 2 seconds with the duty cycle set to 50% when the main loop is running and the device is advertising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Blinks every two seconds with the duty cycle set to 50% when the main loop is running and the device is advertising.
```

LED 2:

>    On when connected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On when connected.
```

> Building and Running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building and running
```

********************
.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/peripheral_rscs`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

> .. _peripheral_rscs_testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _peripheral_rscs_testing:
```

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your development kit, test it by performing the following steps.

> This testing procedure assumes that you are using `nRF Connect for Mobile`_.

Reviewer: Maybe the assumption first and then how to test it (with a colon at the end).

1. Power on your development kit.

> #. Connect to the device from nRF Connect (the device is advertising as "Nordic_RSCS").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Connect to the device through nRF Connect for Mobile (the device is advertising as "Nordic_RSCS").
```

#. Observe that the services of the connected device are shown.

> #. In "Running Speed and Cadence Service", click the :guilabel:`Notify` button for the "RSC Measurement" characteristic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In :guilabel:`Running Speed and Cadence Service`, tap the :guilabel:`Notify` button for the "RSC Measurement" characteristic.
```

#. Observe that notifications with the measurement values are received.

> #. In "RSC Feature", click the :guilabel:`Read` button to get the supported features.
> #. In "Sensor Location", click the :guilabel:`Read` button to read the location of the sensor.
> #. In "SC Control Point", click the :guilabel:`Idicate` button to control the sensor.
> #. The following Op Codes (with data if required) can be write into "SC Control Point":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In :guilabel:`RSC Feature`, tap the :guilabel:`Read` button to get the supported features.
#. In :guilabel:`Sensor Location`, tap the :guilabel:`Read` button to read the location of the sensor.
#. In :guilabel:`SC Control Point`, click the :guilabel:`Idicate` button to control the sensor.
#. The following Op Codes (with data if required) can be written into :guilabel:`SC Control Point`:
```
Idicate -> Indicate? (is that a typo)

>    * ``01 xx xx xx`` to set the Total Distance Value to the entered value (if the Total Distance Measurement feature is supported by the Server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``01 xx xx xx`` to set the Total Distance Value to the entered value (if the server supports the Total Distance Measurement feature).
```

>    * ``02`` to start sensor calibration process (if the Sensor Calibration feature is supported by the Server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``02`` to start the sensor calibration process (if the server supports the Sensor Calibration feature).
```

>    * ``03 xx`` to update the sensor location (if the Multiple Sensor Locations feature is supported by the Server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``03 xx`` to update the sensor location (if the server supports the Multiple Sensor Locations feature).
```

>    * ``04`` to get a list of supported localizations (if the Multiple Sensor Locations feature is supported by the Server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``04`` to get a list of supported localizations (if the server supports the Multiple Sensor Locations feature).
```
